caf/nrf_desktop: Improve DFU over SMP docs (#12742)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

If the MCUboot bootloader is selected, the update image can also be transferred in the background either through the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr`.
The `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ application uses binary files for the image transfer over the Simple Management Protocol (SMP).

After building your application for configuration with either the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` enabled, the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive is generated in the build directory.
It contains all necessary firmware update files to perform the DFU.
See :ref:`app_build_fota` for more information about the contents of update archive.

See how you can perform the DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

.. include:: /doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf52/developing.rst
   :start-after: fota_upgrades_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_start
   :end-before: fota_upgrades_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_end

.. include:: /doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf52/developing.rst
   :start-after: fota_upgrades_nrfcdm_direct_xip_support_information_start
   :end-before: fota_upgrades_nrfcdm_direct_xip_support_information_end

> .. note::

Reviewer: Please remove the last sentence from the note also here (currently the information seems no longer relevant)

After building your application for configuration with the |smp| enabled, the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive is generated in the build directory.
It contains all necessary firmware update files to perform the DFU.
See :ref:`app_build_fota` for more information about the contents of update archive.

See how you can perform the DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

1. Download the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive to your device.
#. Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.

  a. Ensure that you can access the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive from your phone or tablet.
  #. In the mobile app, scan and select the device to update.
  #. Switch to the :guilabel:`Image` tab.
  #. Tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive.
  #. Tap the :guilabel:`START` button.
  #. Initiate the DFU process of transferring the image to the device:

    * If you are using an Android device, select a mode in the dialog window, and tap the :guilabel:`START` button.
    * If you are using an iOS device, tap the selected mode in the pop-up window.

>   #. Wait for the DFU to finish and then verify that the application works properly.

Reviewer 2: Can you use labels to copy the test steps from the Working with nRF52 guide?

(also applies to CAF rst)

Author: Done, waiting for the CI to confirm it will work

.. note::
  Support for FOTA updates with MCUboot in the direct-xip mode is available since the following versions of the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

  * Version ``1.8.0`` on Android.

>   * Version ``1.4.0`` on iOS.

Reviewer 2: Similarly, you can define a label for the following note

(also applies to CAF rst)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the MCUboot bootloader is selected, the update image can also be transferred in the background either through the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr`.
The `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ application uses binary files for the image transfer over the Simple Management Protocol (SMP).

> After building your application in configuration with either the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` enabled, the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive is generated in the build directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After building your application with either :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` enabled, the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive is generated in the build directory.
```

> It contains all the necessary firmware update files to perform DFU.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It contains all the firmware update files that are necessary to perform DFU.```
just came up with a different wording

> It contains all necessary firmware update files to perform the DFU.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It contains all the necessary firmware update files to perform DFU.
```

For more information about the contents of update archive, see :ref:`app_build_fota`.

> To perform the DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To perform DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, complete the following steps:
```
sorry, forgot about these ones, def article not needed unless something follows (e.g., the DFU update)

> See how you can perform the DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To perform the DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, complete the following steps:
```

.. include:: /device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf52/developing.rst
   :start-after: fota_upgrades_over_ble_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_start
   :end-before: fota_upgrades_over_ble_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_end

.. include:: /device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf52/developing.rst
   :start-after: fota_upgrades_over_ble_mcuboot_direct_xip_nrfcdm_note_start

>    :end-before: fota_upgrades_over_ble_mcuboot_direct_xip_nrfcdm_note_end

Reviewer 3: In the referred part there seems to be an issue with this rendering:
1. Wait for the DFU to finish and then verify that the application works properly.
It seems that it should step 'g.' instead of 1. Not sure it's something that can be easily corrected now though(?)
